command: add -v example (#4762)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/command.md

- Execute the ls program literally, even if an ls alias exists:

`command {{ls}}`

> - Find the path to the executable of the command ls:

Reviewer: Based on this output:
```
$ command -v ls
alias ls='ls --color=auto'
$ command -v bat
/usr/bin/bat
```
Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Display the path to the executable or the alias definition of a specific command:
```

> `command -v {{ls}}`

Reviewer: `command -v {{command}}` doesn't look good. Maybe:
```suggestion
`command -v {{command_name}}`
```
